Add clarification for when license expires (#10956)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/enterprise.md

`victoriametrics/victoria-metrics:v1.143.0-enterprise-fips` – uses the FIPS-compatible binary and based on `scratch` image.

> ## When Enterprise License Expires

Reviewer: The title could have two meanings:
1. What to do when license expire
2. How to know when license expire

And the text below seems covering a 3rd meaning: "how ent components behave if license expires in runtime".

Reviewer: @TomFern do you think we can improve wording here?

Reviewer 2: We could make it more explicit:

- What Happens to Licensed Components When a License Expires (a bit long but technically most correct)
- What Happens When a License Expires (shorter but very similar to the current one)

I've picked the first one and made the change. But if you have objections we can change it.

When a license expires, all licensed components continue to function normally until a restart occurs.

> License checks happen only at startup. If a license expires while the component is running, nothing changes; the component continues to run until the next restart. 

Reviewer: This sentence seem to just repeat the sentence on L:358

Reviewer 2: Not exactly. The second sentence (L:360) explains when license checks happen (at startup). This is important because it explains why components continue to function normally.

We can combine both paragraphs into one. But IMO there's value in a brief repetition. Particularly when want to make things 100% clear with not room for confusion. In this case, we want to emphasize that you don't need to worry about license expiration until you restart the service.

> This means you don't need to restart components to install a new license. The component automatically picks up the new license the next time it restarts. The exception is when the `-license` flag is used, because the license is provided at startup and must be valid when the component restarts.

Author: ```suggestion
This means you don't need to restart components to install a new license. The component automatically picks up the new license the next time it restarts. The exception is when the `-license` flag is used, because the license is provided through the env directly it cannot be modified while VictoriaMetrics is running and requires a restart to apply the new license. 
```

See [updating the license key](#updating-the-license-key) for more details.

> VictoriaMetrics Open Source and VictoriaMetrics Enterprise share the same data model; you can switch between versions and retain your data. There is no need to export and import data when migrating between versions.

Reviewer: This sentence seems detached from the overall context. Seems like context is: don't be afraid of swtiching between types of license.

Reviewer 2: Yes. I now connected it to the rest it by saying something along the lines of "if your license expires and you don't want to renew, you can switch to OSS without data loss (only lose access to the enterprise features)".

Reviewer 2: We can also remove it entirely. But IMO we should keep it: If I put myself in the shoes of a user, I would more confident to try VictoriaMetrics Enterprise knowing I can switch back to OSS without too much hassle.
